media/font/SegoeMarker.ttf
It is the year 2147. You wake up in a mysterious world confused of the sights around you. 
The buildings around you all collapsed, only what remains is a pile of rubble underneath your feet. 

Nature has been devoid from this world, not a sound of mother nature around you.
From the distance past you recall what happened to society. 
Fear is what you recall the most, but something slips through the cracks. 
You were a scientist, and you were not alone, you briefly remember some of your past colleagues, 
Kratos, Dante, Roland and Genji. You miss them dearly, but not as much as your best friend, Jeff. 

Where did they go? And why are you all alone..? 

You begin to start recalling more from your past, a virus shook the world by storm, 
millions being wiped out at a time, humanity was on the race to extinction, 
at least it was until Project Koth. 
It was meant to save the world from this monstrous disease, millions of lives would have been saved with this cure. 

Memories continue to flood your mind, your family, your friends, 
you remember them so clearly in your mind like it was just the other day you saw them. 
But not so good memories rushed through your head, nightmares of the screams, the horror, the blood...

Civilians with the disease were thrown onto the hospital beds to be treated, no one lasted more than a couple of days. 
Most were dead within a day, but the lucky ones were transferred to the Department of Biomedical Research, 
owned and funded by the Government. It was created in efforts to cure this disease, but nothing had worked just yet. 
You were a scientist at DBR, each day a new victim would be screaming down the halls,
ready to be poked and prodded at. 

You did your best to save them but with no luck. 
That was until one day, a young girl is sent down the hallways to your laboratory. 
Except this time, there are no screams, no crying for help, she is silent. She is immune.
Victory shall be yours; you quickly extract her DNA without hesitation, running scans for the virus check, 
it returns negative despite her previously encountering the disease.  You start to question the girl, 
but all she responds with is "Run while you still can, death is coming". She must be in shock. 

Finally, you extract the vaccine from the machine, and it is sent off to the production facilities. 
The world cheers for your brilliant discovery, but that it short lived. A bright white light fills the sky, 
no noise, no screams, yet now you are here.

A distance sound can be heard..

You hear growing behind your back, you freeze. Thumps can be heard behind you. 
You quickly turn around nearly falling over while you do. Its a mutant zombie, its Jeff!
You punch him until he bleeds out and collapses to the ground. 
Before you have time to clear the tears from your eyes, 
you are surrounded by a gang of zombies, you must defeat them to save yourself!

